it's Wednesday April 27th and the river
is expected to go up another few feet
overnight tonight and crest sometime
tomorrow I'm up on the lawn by the new
bathrooms and the water is completely
over Vaughn Drive and the sidewalk here
by the lawn it's just about covered at
the low point with debris coming up
which this is going to be a nice mess
when this all goes out
you can see those edge rails and little
posts on the waterfront I'll be good to
foot underwater there it is the bottom
of West Street where it connects with
Vaughn a street sign their water is all
the way up see the park sign there and
just tons of debris by the playground
okay we're standing in the parking lot
of mumbles looking up Vaughn Drive and
you can see here we're all the way
covered up there's one dry patch there
by Crystal Beach at the bottom of
mulberry and here's your regatta office
right about up to the door and remember
this is supposed to go up another
two-foot tonight so we're gonna see what
happens
we're between the mansion and Crystal
Beach now see most through yards flooded
up the wall has about a foot sticking
out still that's going to be under
tomorrow so that barge is going up the
river
it doesn't look like it's gonna have
enough to get into Crystal Beach but
it's definitely blocking off the rope
here now the lathe your winery here's
packing up
stored lines over two semi trailers at
the Historical Society because this
looks like two-foot and they're going to
be in the lathe your winery here
it's already up here on the parking lot
the gravel portion I'd say 2 foot and
they're gonna have it and the garden
here at the litre what winery all these
beautiful tulips gonna have a rough day